Add Rafter README (#12)
kyma-project/rafter: README.md

# Rafter

## Overview

> Rafter is a Kubernetes-native solution for storing assets and managing content. The whole concept of Rafter relies on custom resources (CRs) such as AssetGroup CR, Bucket CR, or Asset CR. The custom resources can apply to a given Namespace or be cluster-wide. They are handled by the Rafter Controller Manager which consists of three seperate components:

Reviewer: Rafter is a solution for storing and managing files that we name assets. Underneath it is using MinIO(a link) as storage solution and adds on top of it Kubernetes custom resources (CRs) such as AssetGroup CR, Bucket CR, or Asset CR. Rafter enables you to manage your asset through different webhooks, meaning you can ask Rafter to store a file for you, like for example a specification, and specify that before it stores it, it has to call specific webhooks that will either:
- validate the file
- mutate it 
- extract some information from it into the status of the custom resource

`The custom resources can apply to a given Namespace or be cluster-wide.` - not important for overview, same with name of controllers

- AssetGroup Controller
- Asset Controller
- Bucket Controller

> Using Rafter, you can create AssetGroup CR for a particular content type, such as images, Markdown documents, AsyncAPI, OData, and OpenAPI specification files. Once the AssetsGroup Controller reads the AssetGroup CR definition, it creates a new Bucket CR and Asset CRs. Then, the controller monitors the status of the Asset CR and updates the status of the AssetsGroup CR accordingly.

Reviewer 2: I would write it like `...OpenAPI, AsyncAPI or OData specification files.` - putting OpenAPI, most popular one. And change `and` to `or`. What do you think @mmitoraj?

Author: The details have just been removed, sorry.

> Using Rafter, you can create AssetGroup CR for a particular content type, such as images, Markdown documents, AsyncAPI, OData, and OpenAPI specification files. Once the AssetsGroup Controller reads the AssetGroup CR definition, it creates a new Bucket CR and Asset CRs. Then, the controller monitors the status of the Asset CR and updates the status of the AssetsGroup CR accordingly.

Reviewer: not sure if we need that level of details in readme, but if yes then I would only make sure that we explain briefly each CR:
- asset for managing a single asset, single or package of many
- bucket for managing buckets
- assetgroup for managing group of assets of specific type to make it easier to use and abstract webhooks information into the configuration

what you wrote here is specific Kyma use case really, this is why we use Rafter, but this will not be part of Rafter at  all. we should rather write that Rafter comes with a set of extensions, services compatible with Rafter webhooks API, that you can use out of the box:
- list of services and ref link to Kyma that we use it in Kyma like that

# Rafter

## Overview

Rafter is a solution for storing and managing different types of files called assets. It uses [MinIO](https://min.io/) as object storage. The whole concept of Rafter relies on Kubernetes custom resources (CRs) managed by the [Rafter Controller Manager](./cmd/manager/README.md). The CRs include:

- Asset CR which manages a single asset or a package of assets
- Bucket CR which manages buckets

> - AssetGroup CR which manages a group of Asset CRs of a specific type to make it easier to use and abstract webhook information

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- AssetGroup CR which manages a group of Asset CRs of a specific type to make it easier to use and extract webhook information
```

- validate the file
- mutate the file
- extract some of the file information and put it in the status of the custom resource

Rafter comes with the following set of services and extensions compatible with Rafter webhooks:

- [Upload Service](./cmd/uploader/README.md) (optional service)
- [AsyncAPI Service](./cmd/extension/asyncapi/README.md) (extension)
- [Front Matter Service](./cmd/extension/frontmatter/README.md) (extension)

To see the implementation of Rafter in [Kyma](https://kyma-project.io), follow these links:

- [Asset Store](https://kyma-project.io/docs/components/asset-store/)
- [Headless CMS](https://kyma-project.io/docs/components/headless-cms/)

## Project structure

The repository has the following structure:

```txt
├── .github                     # Pull request and issue templates
├── cmd                         # Rafter's applications
├── config                      # Configuration file templates
├── deploy                      # Dockerfiles for Rafter's applications

> ├── hack                        # Information, scripts and files useful for development

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
├── hack                        # Information, scripts, and files useful for development
```

├── internal                    # Private application and library code

> ├── pkg                         # Library code ready-to-use by external applications

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
├── pkg                         # Library code to be used by external applications
```

Reviewer 3: or ` Ready-to-use library code`.

# Rafter

## Overview

Rafter is a solution for storing and managing different types of files called assets. It uses [MinIO](https://min.io/) as object storage. The whole concept of Rafter relies on Kubernetes custom resources (CRs). The CRs include:

- Asset CR which manages a single asset or a package of assets
- Bucket CR which manages buckets

> - AssetGroup CR which manages a group of assets of a specific type to make it easier to use and abstract webhook information

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- AssetGroup CR which manages a group of Asset CRs of a specific type to make it easier to use and abstract webhook information
```

Rafter comes with the following set of services and extensions compatible with Rafter webhooks:

> - [Uploader](./cmd/uploader/README.md) (default service)

Reviewer 4: Hm... I'm not sure if it should be called a default service. Installation of the uploader, in my opinion, is also optional.

Author: Is it an extension then?

> - [Rafter Controller Manager](./cmd/manager/README.md) (default service)

Reviewer: this doesn't fit the intro of the bullet list

- [Upload Service](./cmd/uploader/README.md) (optional service)
- [AsyncAPI Service](./cmd/extension/asyncapi/README.md) (extension)
- [Front Matter Service](./cmd/extension/frontmatter/README.md) (extension)

> Rafter enables you also to manage assets using supported webhooks. For example, if you use Rafter to store a file such as a specification, you can additionally define webhooks that Rafer should call. The webhooks can:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rafter enables you to manage assets using supported webhooks. For example, if you use Rafter to store a file such as a specification, you can additionally define a webhook service that Rafer should call before the file is sent to storage. The webhook services can:
```

> Rafter enables you also to manage assets using supported webhooks. For example, if you use Rafter to store a file such as a specification, you can additionally define webhooks that Rafer should call. The webhooks can:

Reviewer: please move it between line 9 and 11

- validate the file
- mutate the file
- extract some of the file information and put it in the status of the custom resource

To see the implementation of Rafter in [Kyma](https://kyma-project.io), follow these links:

- [Asset Store](https://kyma-project.io/docs/components/asset-store/)
- [Headless CMS](https://kyma-project.io/docs/components/headless-cms/)

## Project structure

The repository has the following structure:

```txt
├── .github                     # Pull request and issue templates
├── cmd                         # Rafter's applications
├── config                      # Configuration file templates
├── deploy                      # Dockerfiles for Rafter's applications

> ├── hack                        # Information useful for development

Reviewer 4: Not only information - it also may contain scripts and other files
